-Issue: #205: Merging (Identically Specified) MinHashLSH objects (#232)
ekzhu/datasketch: docs/lsh.rst

.. figure:: /_static/lsh_benchmark.png
   :alt: MinHashLSH Benchmark

> You can merge two MinHashLSH object using the ``merge`` function. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can merge two MinHashLSH indexes to create a union index using the ``merge`` method. This
```
